---
title        : What OWASP tools/projects we already have and what are we missing to deliver secure devops pipelines
track        : "OWASP ASVS"
type         : working-session      # working-session, user-session, product-session
technology   :
topics       : [OWASP, "ASVS requirements"]    # for example ["GDPR"]
featured     : yes                # review with summit team "yes"
when_day     : Fri
when_time    : WS-2
hey_summit   : https://open-security-summit-2020.heysummit.com/talks/what-owasp-toolsprojects-we-already-have-and-what-are-we-missing-to-deliver-secure-devops-pipelines/
room_layout  :                    #
room_id      :
session_slack: 
status       :              # draft, review-content, done
description  :
organizers   :
    - Daniel Cuthbert 
    - Andrew van der Stock
participants :
hosted_by    : Alona Reyes
zoom_link    : 
slide_id     : 2PACX-1vT6AmcgBKZmkJnF9MUafGoYfnZlBNXAd75N_lIJn7yn_M3CXagxOkmt_sy8A5szcbYS5mA8xfFmdovf
slide_edit   : 1RmLNdLarEaDFbLqb5aHmbqfBjCrwycI_xkQQ6z8vxag/
youtube_link : 8iCQpBSXBnU

---

### Notable logs from the chat during the session

16:19:55     From  Francesco Cipollone : Owen from OWASP did some benchmarking for us  \
16:20:08     From  Francesco Cipollone : if you reach out to grant Ongers he might be able to share \
16:20:16     From  Francesco Cipollone : @dominik   \
16:30:33     From  Niels H : Bill of Material of your software might contain cloud SDKs  \
16:37:59     From  Daniel C : https://github.com/actions  
16:38:32     From  Daniel C : https://github.com/marketplace?type=actions  
17:01:46     From  André Ferreira : It fells like a porting of the OWASP developer guide into some sort of a base threat modelling? \
17:02:56     From  Alona Reyes  to  Daniel C(Privately) : From André Ferreira to Everyone:  05:01 PM  \
It fells like a porting of the OWASP developer guide into some sort of a base threat modelling?  \
17:07:16     From  Andrew van der Stock : I was thinking of Developer Guide in an electronic, filterable version per language, concentrating on core concerns first. This would could be an evolution / amalgamation of the Testing Guide  \
17:07:50     From  André Ferreira : I liked your previous idea of turning that into a curriculum, and I’m sad I’ve only learned of its existence today  
17:23:20     From  Dinis Cruz : On the topic of mapping multiple security frameworks and controls see https://github.com/OpenSecuritySummit/security-controls-mapping  \
17:27:45     From  Dinis Cruz : meeting : 728 239 1769  \
17:27:50     From  Dinis Cruz : 768504  \
17:36:18     From  André Ferreira : I think you might need to revisit your goal, despite Nobel. You won’t make devs life easier, you will wake them up  \
17:40:06     From  Andrew van der Stock : Andre, can you chip in on your point as I think I understand it, but I would like to know more    
17:45:05     From  Niels H : a reference pipeline?  \
17:45:20     From  Alona Reyes  to  Daniel C(Privately) : \
From Niels H to Everyone:  05:45 PM a reference pipeline?

